update the doc for change default hostname or port (#3915)
openvinotoolkit/cvat: site/content/en/docs/faq.md

To change the hostname, simply set the `CVAT_HOST` environemnt variable

```
export CVAT_HOST=<YOUR_HOSTNAME_OR_IP>
```

> NOTE, if you're using docker to run CVAT, then please pass in(by `-E`) the environemnt variable which set above to take effect in your docker container:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
NOTE, if you're using `docker-compose` with `sudo` to run CVAT, then please add the `-E` (or `--preserve-env`) flag to preserve the user environment variable which set above to take effect in your docker containers:
```

> NOTE, if you're using `docker-compose` with `sudo` to run CVAT, then please add the `-E` (or `--preserve-env`) flag to preserve the user environment variable which set above to take effect in your docker containers:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
NOTE, if you're using `docker-compose` with `sudo` to run CVAT, then please add the `-E` (or `--preserve-env`)
flag to preserve the user environment variable which set above to take effect in your docker containers:
```

```
sudo -E docker-compose up -d
```

> If you want to change the default web application portal port, change the `ports` part of `traefik` image command in `docker-compose.yml`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you want to change the default web application port, change the `ports` part of `traefik` service configuration in `docker-compose.yml`
```

> If you want to change the default web application port, change the `ports` part of `traefik` service configuration in `docker-compose.yml`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If you want to change the default web application port, change the `ports` part of `traefik` service configuration
in `docker-compose.yml`
```
